The first time I walked in to Opa, I honestly didn't believe it. 

If I had to take a person to one place to catch everything I love about Austin in a single swing of the net, they'd find themselves sitting on one of Opa's many sofa cushions, waiting for their grape leaves (Dolmas) to arrive, staring impishly at its full bar, and trying to figure out how the biker and the nerd the next table over could possibly know each other.

I think Opa's magic trickles out of the knots in its ubiquitous wood. In the midst of a suffocating Texas summer, inside Opa feels like your fantasy of what a summer outside in some more reasonably climated place must be like. Ceiling fan wind tickling your ears and gently playing with your hair. Glimmering flowers of exotic alcohols, sodas, and barware. A beautiful woman just slightly out of ear-shot, staring intently at something that isn't you, so deeply lost in it that she forgets to be who she's supposed to be and lets the child so carefully buried in makeup and hairspray sneak out through her glowing eyes. 

Maybe it's the babbling brook of a mysterious foreign language flowing between the two ladies at the table next to me, but somehow Opa seems to have transported a whole archipleago of Greek islands into the middle of the Texas desert. 

Her walls are freckled with perfect coffee shop art. Just interesting enough that looking closely at it can make you feel something, not quite grabbing enough to steal your mind away from a worthwhile conversation. It plays perfectly into the illusion too. Classical busts and masks of Poseidons and Odysseuses, small blue and white landscapes of Santorinian coasts, olive branch iron gates and a few captive flowers. One would almost believe that faeries flit from table to table, pouring pixie dust into coffees and snickering at overheard jokes.

Opa's food is admittedly mediocre (Although all reasonable people should love mediterranean food enough that even its mediocre manifestations makes their taste buds dance and sing), but to go to Opa for the food is to miss the point as much as someone who goes to a football game for the beer. Opa is not a cafe, it's a vacation (or perhaps, considering the number of people who come here to work, it's more like an adventure). You step out of your car into an entirely different world, one filled with so many mysterious wonders that your kid-in-a-candy-store excitement is tempered only slightly by the knowledge that you could never possibly taste them all.

You can't characterize the crowd at Opa. It's littered with what, at first, seems to be the typical coffee shop crowd of writers too starved for attention to write at home (you know, like me), but creepily peering into these people's lives reveals that almost none are actually writing. Most have spreadsheets or powerpoint presentations covering their screens, a few very professional reports and highly technical chemistry lessons. Opa is not some bohemian hipster heaven for the counter-cultural to declare their rejection of main-stream life, Opa is an escape for those who've waided just far enough in to get wet but don't want to swim. It's a clearing on the banks where they can sit and stare at the water rushing past them, babbling over their feet, comfortable it won't sweep them away. No matter how rapidly it may rush, safe havens like this can still save their souls. 

Opa. Seriously. Come see it and believe it.
