--Green eyes across from me
The hard hunch of her shoulders have clearly told ten hundred men to fuck off. She's better than people, not in her mind but actually. She's pretty enough that she could survive without discipline, focus, or care, but the sneer her work tugs out of her belies that pistons fire constantly in her mind. The lilt of her eyelids though hints at the smile she's working towards. She wasn't hardened by arrogance or imagined self-importance, she's just built a shell to protect her from the constant barrage of a world that thinks she's wasting her time by focusing on work. But that's what time is for, she thinks, for focusing on work. 

She didn't always feel that way. A decade ago her life was silly. She spent weekday afternoons on boats going nowhere, dreaming of parties she couldn't go to only because physic prohibited their possibility. Any place that had doors would gladly open them for just a flash of her pearly teeth and emerald eyes, and every guest list swelled one name longer as her delicately carved calves carried her past. 

But her cheeks got tired from pulling on smiles all the time. Slowly her eyes started slacking on the smiles, her mind stopped drifting on river pushed tubes and towards offices where gazes held respect instead of lust. There's a certain bond forged by fun, but better ones are built by fighting alongside. She wanted more than to float, she wanted to fly, and so she left that whole old life behind.



--The old couple slumped across from each other in sofa chairs
They don't really remember meeting anymore. They remember the story they tell, practiced to precision from a million shared tellings, a dance that evolved slowly from improv to a carefully choreographed routine. They're bored now of finishing each others sentences, like a magician who no longer cares to ask people to pick a card. 

They're not two people anymore, they're a couple, champions of the world's longest three-legged race. Alone they tip like single stilts, but together they're larger than life.

For years they have been the only thing in each other's lives that never changed or waivered, and yet the gravity between them is so immensely strong that their eyes can't seem to pull apart for long enough to investigate their novel surroundings. Even their silences are poetry, filled with deeper meaning than most can understand. They speak their own language; it's made entirely with english words, but each one has deep, diverging roots that reach down to layers of the earth unreachable for normal, partnerless people. 



--Business blonde
Sometimes, all you need to know about a person is their eyebrows. It may seem judgy to shrink a person down to two arcs of hair, but the world is a judgy place, and no matter how hard we try to resist we become who it wants us to be. Eyebrows especially tell so much about our intentions that we can't help but treat each other based on what they say. Hers are the kind of curves men aren't drawn to in a woman. They're loudspeakers for her feelings, turning minor doubts into major skepticism and gentle ribbings into crushing blows.

She's plucked them to perfection, and yet still they shriek of unfemininity. She has a dwarven form, sculpted by years of hard, harrowing mining, as though her sculptor yearned so hard for sturdiness that he couldn't stop heaping more and more clay onto her frame until he was sure she would never wobble or fall. 

Her insecurity is a funny thing. Surrender to the upper boundary of her beauty keeps her from working too hard at it every morning, but then throughout the day it tugs her mind back over and over again to its favorite flaws, like a toddler trying to share a stupid secret with its rushing parent.

But she embraces her facial harshness. She prefers power to pulchritude. The loudspeakers below her forehead make life easier for her, shrieking like sirens that clear every obstacle out of her way.



--The ethnic bar boy
He seems almost to be snatched out of a Hemmingway novel, some stereotypically unabashed twink from the Spanish streets. Not that he's flamboyant, and actually I don't even get a gay vibe from him, as if John Mulaney style, one of God's elves had just forgotten to flip the gay switch on him, sending out the body of a gay man with heterosexual desires.

His hands move with a confident deftness that vastly enlarges his slight frame, and his carefully crafted style add years to a young life. Not just because of the maturity dripping off his tightly pressed clothes but because of the clothes himself. He seems to have been dressed by the costume department from a 50's movie. Tight, light charcoal pants sealing the tuck of a short-sleeved and well-buttonned shirt. You can practically see him picking a crate of milk up off a stoop as he tips his hat to the lady next door. 



--The summer blonde with the pink trim backpack
Sometimes a silent smile sounds just like an awkward giggle. There's an especially rare and peculiar beauty to girls who are uncomfortable in their hotness. This planet is dusted with uncountable graceful beauties floating in the wind, as if they know the world demands nothing more of them than that they be. The wind doesn't blow her, though. A bird with clipped wings, she sees others around her lift off and wonders what's wrong with her that she can't fly. Her body doesn't lilt, it lurches, A Lamborgini with the engine of a Fiat. 



--Leggy blonde in the red shirt
Synechdoche personified, with legs that stretch for miles standing for her entire body, soul and mind. Her whole outfit is like a big arrow pointing down towards them. A loose fitting shirt tucked into baggy high waisted shorts, hiding every inch of her figure until the little bit of butt cheek escapes and runs free. And oh the golden field it has to run through. Gently rolling hills streching as far as the eye can see that, despite their subtlety, convey the immense power of the Earth's tectonic plates. 



--An Ode to the Hot Girl Sitting with her Two Ugly Friends
Oh hot girl sitting with your two Ugly friends, what a gracious goddess you are.
Well, not a goddess, really. In fact you're not even actually hot. But you understand relativity, even better than your two friends who can write it out mathematically.
You have nice eyes, and that's about it, but they're nice in color AND ability to spot opportunities to make yourself look better.
I love the way you hand out dating advice to them, like a tee-ball star teaching a Yankee how to hit a curveball.
You seem so sincere in your empathetic stare, and then you flip your hair to remind yourself, "yeah, I'm still hot."
Like if you didn't, they might get some ugly on you.
Your ego is growing, your smile is glowing, and your lack of a soul is really clearly showing.
But still I have to say, thank you for your kindness and your loyalty to those two friends.
You make it so much easier to hit on them.
